# DRAFT #

Starter Inc.

StackGen End User License Agreement


IMPORTANT, PLEASE READ CAREFULLY: THIS Licensee LICENSE AGREEMENT “EULA” IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (AS AN INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY, “YOU” THE “CUSTOMER”) AND STARTER INC (“STARTER INC”), FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, WHICH MAY INCLUDE COMPUTER SERVICES, SOFTWARE AND ASSOCIATED DOCUMENTATION (“SOFTWARE”).

BY USING OUR WEBSITE(S) AND / OR INSTALLING AND / OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE OR RECEIVING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS EULA.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS EULA, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES.

1.0 License Grant. This EULA grants you, the user, a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Software, in object code for your internal personal and business purposes (but not for managing third party data unless the product you have licensed expressly permits you to) under the terms and conditions stated herein. 

The Software is to be accessed, installed, used, and deployed in accordance with the specific license you purchased, a description of the license can be found at https://docs.stackgen.io/licensing-policy.html (“Licensing Policy”). This EULA and the Licensing Policy can be updated from time to time, at Starter Inc’s sole discretion and will be made available at https://docs.stackgen.io/eula.md

2.0 Permissible Use. You may use the Software for legal purposes and for the number of licenses or capacity that you have purchased. You are permitted to make copies of the Software and documentation for your own use in accordance to EULA and Licensing Policy. Any copies or partial copies of Software and documentation that you make must incorporate all patent, copyright and trademark notices.

3.0 Prohibited Use. You may not (a) process third party data (as a service provider), provide commercial hosting services, sell, sublicense, rent or lease the Software to another party without purchasing the specific StackGen license to do so, (b) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or modify in any manner, any of the provided compiled binary non-open source Software (except to the extent such prohibition is expressly prohibited by law), (c) use the Software in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, or (d) make available the Software or your license file on any type of public sharing website or forums. 

The restrictions on using the Software to process the data of third parties, provide commercial hosting services, sublicense, rent or lease the Software does not apply to subscribers of the StackGen PRO and Enterprise hosted products or any subscription license to use the Software under the terms of this subscription. You agree that you may not disclose, transfer or otherwise make available the results of any performance or functionality tests of the Software, to any third party without the prior written consent of StackGen.

4.0 Evaluation and “Not for Resale” Licenses. Software may be provided to you for beta, demonstration, test or evaluation purposes, or is labeled as “Not for Resale” (“NFR”). The license granted under an Evaluation, Beta or NFR license shall be for a term of thirty (30) days (the “Evaluation Period”) unless otherwise provided by StackGen, limited specifically for evaluation or demonstration purposes only. You agree not to use the Software under an Evaluation License in a production environment or for production data processing purposes and your use of a Beta or Evaluation License Software is at your sole risk to backup data. There is no obligation to support, maintain or provide any assistance regarding any of these licenses. In no event will StackGen be liable for any damages for any claim or cause for any direct, actual, indirect damages, loss of data, consequential, incidental or special indirect damages, even if StackGen has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

5.0 Free Licenses and Community Licenses. Free and Community License products can be used in your own production environment in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You may not use the Free and Community Licenses to provide services to third parties or to process third party data. These versions can be used without additional purchase and can be upgraded to paying versions of the products to unlock additional functionality and features. There is no obligation to support, maintain or provide any assistance regarding any of these licenses. In no event will StackGen be liable for any damages for any claim or cause for any direct, actual, indirect damages, loss of data, consequential, incidental or special indirect damages, even if StackGen has been advised of the possibility of such damages.      

6.0 Maintenance and Support (“Maintenance”) for the Software is available in accordance with Licensing policy and Support Policy, which can be found at docs.stackgen.io/support.html. Maintenance, if it is included in the Software purchased, will commence upon the date your order is processed and the license file is generated. You will receive (a) support for your Software, and (b) any updates, enhancements or improvements that are included or defined in the Maintenance Policies. Software updates cannot be applied to the Software with an expired Maintenance.      

7.0 Technical Information Collection. You agree that StackGen may, for business purposes and improving the Software, collect, process and use technical information that is gathered as part of any product maintenance and support services provided to you, and any other technical information you provide to StackGen, provided that such information does not identify You, a specific individual, or contain any personally identifiable information. By providing technical data and information to StackGen, you consent to StackGen’s storage and processing of such technical information for purposes of providing Software and support to you. 

8.0 Technical Reporting and Logs. The Software has the capability to provide certain reports and survey information, including the generation and collection of geolocation data, regarding its use to StackGen. This data collection is turned OFF by default and must be enabled by you. You always have the option to enable or disable at any time. Any information collected is deemed confidential and will only be used by StackGen internally to enhance the quality of the Software.

9.0 Personal Information. In the event you provide personal information to StackGen as part of your purchase and use of the Software, or for obtaining Maintenance, your personal information will be used, stored and processed in accordance with the StackGen Privacy Policy, which can be found at https://docs.stackgen.io/privacy-policy.html. You can always update your preferences by visiting the StackGen customer portal. 

10.0 Capacity Limitations in Software. For certain Software, your use of the Software may be limited by the capacity purchased. In the event you exceed the purchased capacity, the Software may not process additional workloads beyond the maximum capacity until you purchase additional capacity.

11.0 Intellectual Property Rights. All right, title and interest to the intellectual property rights in and to the Software, and any copies that you are permitted to make, are owned by StackGen and / or its licensors and is protected by Swiss, United States and other country patent, copyright, trade secret and other laws and international treaties. Such licensors, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to them, are third party beneficiaries of this EULA for their respective software. This Software is LICENSED, NOT SOLD. The purchase of the Software license (perpetual or subscription), is non-returnable and non-refundable. The Software is protected by patents, and certain trademarks and logos used in the software are protected by trademarks. A list of patents and trademarks can be found at docs.stackgen.io. 

12.0 Audit. During the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year thereafter, StackGen may, during normal business hours and upon reasonable prior notice to Licensee, inspect the files, computer processors, equipment and facilities of Licensee to verify Licensee's compliance with this EULA.

13.0 Open Source and Third Party Software. “Open Source” means various open source software components licensed under the terms of applicable open source license agreements included in the materials relating to such software. Open Source Software is composed of individual software components, each of which has its own copyright and its own applicable license conditions. A current list of Open Source Software and third party software components used by StackGen can be found at http://docs.stackgen.io/eula-oss.html.

14.0 StackGen Community Forums. Any information that you post on the StackGen Community Forums is deemed non-confidential to you. StackGen has no obligation to manage or protect any information (confidential or personal) that you disclose on the StackGen Community Forums.

15.0 Indemnification by Licensee

You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Starter Inc, its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and any third-party providers, from and against all claims, losses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from any third-party claim against Starter Inc related to Your use of the Service or Software, including any document or content You submit to the Service.

15.1 Exclusion of Warranties

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDS THAT THE SERVICE AND ANY SOFTWARE MAY CONTAIN ERRORS, OMISSIONS, AND PROBLEMS. YOU HEREBY ACCEPT THE SERVICE AND SOFTWARE, "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS, DEFECTS AND ERRORS AND YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS OF USE, QUALITY, AND PERFORMANCE. NEITHER STARTER INC NOR ANY OF STARTER INC'S LICENSORS MAKE ANY EXPRESS WARRANTIES, AND EACH OF THEM DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

15.2 Limitation of Liability

YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NEITHER STARTER INC NOR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS MAY BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, LOSS, DAMAGES, EXPENSES OR COSTS OF AN INDIRECT NATURE, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR OTHERWISE AND IN NO EVENT SHALL THEY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID TO STARTER INC BY LICENSEE (IF ANY) UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING SIX MONTHS.  THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION OR CLAIMS IN THE AGGREGATE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, INDEMNITY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, MISREPRESENTATION AND OTHER TORTS. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION APPLY TO YOU ONLY TO THE EXTENT THEY ARE LAWFUL IN YOUR JURISDICTION.

THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS INTENDED TO APPLY WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT HAVE BEEN BREACHED OR HAVE PROVEN INEFFECTIVE OR IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IF THE ABOVE LIMITATION WERE NOT INCLUDED HEREIN, STARTER INC WOULD NOT LICENSE THE SERVICE OR SOFTWARE TO YOU.

16.0 General. This Agreement sets forth StackGen's entire obligation and Licensee’s exclusive rights with respect to the Software and, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided in a purchase order or other written communication or advertising signed or jointly issued by both parties with respect to the Software, supersedes any conflicting terms of any purchase order and any other communication or advertising with respect to the Software. No failure of either party to exercise or enforce any of its rights under this EULA will act as a waiver of those rights.

If any provision of this EULA is found illegal or unenforceable, it will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the legality and enforceability of the other provisions of this EULA will not be affected. 

This EULA will be governed by the laws of California, USA, without regard to its choice of law principles. You agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with this EULA resides in the Courts of California, USA in the City and County of San Francisco.

This Agreement and the underlying licenses may not be assigned without completely removing the software installation from the assignor, notifying and providing StackGen with the assignee contact information (for support purposes), and is subject to the assignee agreeing to and complying with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Licensing Policy.